an unusual man mr. Berg
[Applause]
speak seven late
athlete you're more than up the physical
requirements of the job
what job since this war began we have
reason to believe the Germans are
working on the fission bomb scientists
leading the atomic program is anna has a
book we must get to him and find out how
close the Germans are to a bomb
welcome to the OSS mr. Berger millions
of lives at stake a 5% chance of losing
the war to a weapon like this you do
what has to be done you can't allow
yourself to be captured you know that I
love you you brought me here to say
goodbye
I'll be back this your first job
never killed a man that's what he smell
this Odyssey like that I don't know what
God you believe in Berg if any I'll be
asking mind keep an eye on me
what at Heisenberg's on our side when
you open here defect there comes down to
it are you going to be able to kill him
[Music]
there may be one moment that tells you
whether the Germans having bomb
one moment but you learned all you need
to know
don't move
you
[Music]